The invoice manager is a system to manage the sales of goods and the inventory of a supermarket.

The invoice manager has two classes of users, the attendant(s)/cashier(s) and the Administrator(s). 
The invoice manager is very easy to use and has a very clear data flow.


As a attendant, when you login, it takes you to the retail page where you can easily add products to a cart. 
There are three ways to get a product you intend to add to cart.
1). You can filter by category to see all the products in a single category.
2). You can search the unique ID of each product to bring it up
3). You can search all or part of the name of the product.

When you have searched for the product you want, a row with the details of the product(s) appears and you can click the plus('+') button to add it to cart.
By default only one of the product is added to cart but a qty field is available to increase or decrease the quantity of each good that want.
After the good(s) have been added to cart, the quantity can still be editted by increases or decreasing the quantity field on the cart.
If a good is no longer required, it can be removed from the cart by clicking the 'X' button at the end of the cart item.
And if the entire sale is to be cancelled, the cart can be cleared by clicking the 'clear' button.
When all the wanted goods have been added to cart, the attendant then checks out by clicking the 'check out' button. 
The checkout button launches a pop up where the total cost is displayed and the payment method the customer chooses is selected.
After the attendant has confirmed the payment, s/he clicks the 'paid' button to complete the sale. A receipt is automatically generated and the cart is cleared.
The attendant can view all of his/her sales on the 'mysales' page.

As an administrator logging in takes you the Administrator dashboard where you have access to all the information of the system.
You can: 
1). View all users 
2). View all products 
3). Edit individual users
4). Edit individual products
5). Add a new user
6). Add a new product
7). Edit the company's details
8). View products low in stock
9). View all sales
10). View statistics of each attendant

When adding a new product as an Admin, the 're-order level' field is for the least number of that product that can be in inventory before the system 
flags the product as needing to be restocked.